OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENTUndoubtedly, we would all agree that access to the highest levels of educaon contributes immensely to competence, excellence and success of the human being. We know that; we know that the greater the educaon, the greater chances of a beer life. It is truly a great disadvantage to be denied the very best of educaon because of lack of poverty or some other social disadvantage. That is why at UnibUni, we support the right of every human being to have unlimited access to the very best of human knowledge on earth, regardless of where you live and how much you earn. At UnibUni, we bring the lectures of the brightest professors to the farthest corners of the earth without discriminaon as to class or place of abode. If it is true that the world is made beer by having more learned and more skilled people at work, why should money or place of birth be an obstacle to acquiring wisdom? For my part, I have pledged to help every dedicated student to succeed in his quest for access to the best university educaon. Together with our excellent and commied team, we are building a universe of wisdom for every human being who wills to be learned. So, welcome to learned world. UnibUni is not your average university. It is the world’s university and the (rst class pla)orm for the universies of the world. SignedNana OppongPresidentOUR LIBRARIESOur libraries contain a huge number of books, journals, magazines videos, (lms and podcasts to serve the academic needs of our: students, our visitors and faculty. The libraries are constantly updated to ensure that we are missing nothing of importance. We stock collecons that ensure that all stakeholders have access to whatever they need to excel in their chosen (elds and to be on top of the latest developments in the relevant (elds. A great deal of e0orts are being made and resources are being spent to ensure easy, fast and secure downloads and at the same me, to encourage publishers and learned authors and instuons to submit their works for inclusion in our libraries. Everything we do at UnibUni has a global standard and a world funcon. Feel free to browse and learn. FACULTYBeing a world class university, we have done our best to collaborate with learned intellectuals from all over the world. All our lecturers are leading scholars in their respecve (elds. They have chosen to join UnibUni as their contribuon to humanity for the scien(c advancement of the world. Every lecturer seeks to make a di0erence by sharing what he or she knows freely to the world. Because our lecturers are not movated primarily by money but by the love of knowledge and of the passion to serve, UnibUni has the unique privilege and opportunity of pairing excellent teachers from all over the world, with the widest number of students. Through UnibUni, even the poorest students have access to the brightest professors who would otherwise have been inaccessible or una0ordable through the old school university programs requiring physical presence in buildings for lectures. We are proud of our lecturers and of their commitment to serve. Our great lecturers are UnibUni.STUDENTSAt UnibUni, we welcome every student from every part of the world who wishes to learn. We believe that every person deserves an opportunity to learn. We have removed (nancial and other barriers to learning and encourage the willing student to take full advantage of what UnibUni has o0er. We do not 
measure the capacity of the person to learn merely by his or her past performances. Rather, in a truly scien(c manner, we measure performance by performance at the university. There are many reasons someone may have performed poorly on examinaons in the past. Extreme poverty, illness, unbearable social disadvantages and so on, are all contribung factors. Therefore, having removed money as a barrier to excellent educaon, we believe that the fairest measure is not the acons of the past but current and connuing performances of the student measured against opportunies and resources made available. For this reason, at UnibUni, our admission criteria are fair. We take into account both the unique academic and non-academic circumstances of each student in the assessment of the capacity of the person to learn and to graduate successfully. If the business of a university is to teach those who do not know, why do we use a person’s lack of knowledge to deny him access to knowledge? OUR PARTNERSThe disnguishing feature of UnibUni is that the radio is our primary classroom. Registered students simply tune into designated radio staons available within their jurisdicons at scheduled mes and listen to their favorite lecturers. We have partnered with a su5cient number of reliable and commied radio staons world over in order to ensure delivery of our lectures in every naon and in every city. Unlike other forms of delivery, radio broadcasts are least expensive, easily available and the most convenient form for lectures and podcasts. Of course, UnibUni also o0ers online and on-tv pla)orms for the delivery of our lectures but we are aware that network failures and costs involved in online pla)orms make radio the best especially for rural and poor folk worldwide. Our partners are many and they include all those persons and instuons that support our vision and mission and contribute in various ways to make access to universal educaon, a reality.  To all our partners, we say thank you: thank you. 